if you will return o Israel return to me
if you will return o Israel return to me and if you will put away your
and if you will put away your
and if you will put away your abominations out of my sight
abominations out of my sight
abominations out of my sight then you shall not be moved and you
then you shall not be moved and you
then you shall not be moved and you shall swear the Lord lives in truth in
shall swear the Lord lives in truth in
shall swear the Lord lives in truth in judgment and in righteousness the
judgment and in righteousness the
judgment and in righteousness the nations shall bless themselves in him
nations shall bless themselves in him
nations shall bless themselves in him and in him they shall glory for thus
and in him they shall glory for thus
and in him they shall glory for thus says the Lord to the men of Judah and
says the Lord to the men of Judah and
says the Lord to the men of Judah and Jerusalem break up your fallow ground
Jerusalem break up your fallow ground
Jerusalem break up your fallow ground and do not sow among thorns circumcise
and do not sow among thorns circumcise
and do not sow among thorns circumcise yourselves to the Lord and take away the
yourselves to the Lord and take away the
yourselves to the Lord and take away the foreskins of your hearts you men of
foreskins of your hearts you men of
foreskins of your hearts you men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem lest
Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem lest
Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem lest my fury come forth like fire and burn so
my fury come forth like fire and burn so
my fury come forth like fire and burn so that no one can quench it because of the
that no one can quench it because of the
that no one can quench it because of the evil of your doings declare in Judah and
evil of your doings declare in Judah and
evil of your doings declare in Judah and proclaim in Jerusalem and say blow the
proclaim in Jerusalem and say blow the
proclaim in Jerusalem and say blow the trumpet in the land cry gather together
trumpet in the land cry gather together
trumpet in the land cry gather together and say assemble yourselves and let us
and say assemble yourselves and let us
and say assemble yourselves and let us go into the fortified cities set up the
go into the fortified cities set up the
go into the fortified cities set up the standard toward Zion take refuge do not
standard toward Zion take refuge do not
standard toward Zion take refuge do not delay for I will bring disaster from the
delay for I will bring disaster from the
delay for I will bring disaster from the north and great destruction the lion has
north and great destruction the lion has
north and great destruction the lion has come up from his thicket and the
come up from his thicket and the
come up from his thicket and the destroyer of Nations is on his way he
destroyer of Nations is on his way he
destroyer of Nations is on his way he has gone forth from his place to make
has gone forth from his place to make
has gone forth from his place to make your land desolate your cities will be
your land desolate your cities will be
your land desolate your cities will be laid waste without inhabitant for this
laid waste without inhabitant for this
laid waste without inhabitant for this clothe yourself with sackcloth lament
clothe yourself with sackcloth lament
clothe yourself with sackcloth lament and wail for the fierce anger of the
and wail for the fierce anger of the
and wail for the fierce anger of the Lord has not turned back from us and it
Lord has not turned back from us and it
Lord has not turned back from us and it shall come to pass in that day says the
shall come to pass in that day says the
shall come to pass in that day says the Lord that the heart of the King Shall
Lord that the heart of the King Shall
Lord that the heart of the King Shall Perish and the heart of the princes the
Perish and the heart of the princes the
Perish and the heart of the princes the priests shall be astonished
priests shall be astonished
priests shall be astonished and the prophets shall wander ah Lord
and the prophets shall wander ah Lord
and the prophets shall wander ah Lord God surely you have greatly deceived
God surely you have greatly deceived
God surely you have greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem saying you
this people and Jerusalem saying you
this people and Jerusalem saying you shall have peace whereas the sword
shall have peace whereas the sword
shall have peace whereas the sword reaches to the heart at that time it
reaches to the heart at that time it
reaches to the heart at that time it will be said to this people and to
will be said to this people and to
will be said to this people and to Jerusalem a dry wind of the desolate
Jerusalem a dry wind of the desolate
Jerusalem a dry wind of the desolate heights blows in the wilderness toward
heights blows in the wilderness toward
heights blows in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people not to fan or
the daughter of my people not to fan or
the daughter of my people not to fan or to cleanse a wind too strong for these
to cleanse a wind too strong for these
to cleanse a wind too strong for these will come for me now I will also speak
will come for me now I will also speak
will come for me now I will also speak judgment against it behold he shall come
judgment against it behold he shall come
judgment against it behold he shall come up like clouds and his chariots like a
up like clouds and his chariots like a
up like clouds and his chariots like a whirlwind his horses are swifter than
whirlwind his horses are swifter than
whirlwind his horses are swifter than Eagles woe to us for we are plundered Oh
Eagles woe to us for we are plundered Oh
Eagles woe to us for we are plundered Oh Jerusalem wash our heart from wickedness
Jerusalem wash our heart from wickedness
Jerusalem wash our heart from wickedness that you may be saved how long shall
that you may be saved how long shall
that you may be saved how long shall your evil thoughts lodged within you for
your evil thoughts lodged within you for
your evil thoughts lodged within you for a voice declares from Dan and proclaims
a voice declares from Dan and proclaims
a voice declares from Dan and proclaims affliction from mount ephraim make
affliction from mount ephraim make
affliction from mount ephraim make mention to the nation's yes proclaim
mention to the nation's yes proclaim
mention to the nation's yes proclaim against Jerusalem that watchers come
against Jerusalem that watchers come
against Jerusalem that watchers come from a far country and raise their voice
from a far country and raise their voice
from a far country and raise their voice against the cities of Judah like keepers
against the cities of Judah like keepers
against the cities of Judah like keepers of a field they are against her all
of a field they are against her all
of a field they are against her all around because she has been rebellious
around because she has been rebellious
around because she has been rebellious against me says the Lord your ways and
against me says the Lord your ways and
against me says the Lord your ways and your doings have procured these things
your doings have procured these things
your doings have procured these things for you this is your wickedness because
for you this is your wickedness because
for you this is your wickedness because it is bitter because it reaches to your
it is bitter because it reaches to your
it is bitter because it reaches to your heart o my soul my soul
heart o my soul my soul
heart o my soul my soul I am pained in my very heart my heart
I am pained in my very heart my heart
I am pained in my very heart my heart makes a noise in me I cannot hold my
makes a noise in me I cannot hold my
makes a noise in me I cannot hold my peace because you have heard all my soul
peace because you have heard all my soul
peace because you have heard all my soul the sound of the trumpet the alarm of
the sound of the trumpet the alarm of
the sound of the trumpet the alarm of war destruction upon destruction has
war destruction upon destruction has
war destruction upon destruction has cried for the whole land is plundered
cried for the whole land is plundered
cried for the whole land is plundered suddenly my tents are plundered and my
suddenly my tents are plundered and my
suddenly my tents are plundered and my curtains in a moment how long will I see
curtains in a moment how long will I see
curtains in a moment how long will I see the standard and hear the sound of the
the standard and hear the sound of the
the standard and hear the sound of the trumpet for my people are foolish they
trumpet for my people are foolish they
trumpet for my people are foolish they have not known me they are silly
have not known me they are silly
have not known me they are silly children and they have no understanding
children and they have no understanding
children and they have no understanding they are wise to do evil but to do good
they are wise to do evil but to do good
they are wise to do evil but to do good they have no knowledge I beheld the
they have no knowledge I beheld the
they have no knowledge I beheld the earth and indeed it was without form and
earth and indeed it was without form and
earth and indeed it was without form and void and the heavens they had no light I
void and the heavens they had no light I
void and the heavens they had no light I beheld the mountains and indeed they
beheld the mountains and indeed they
beheld the mountains and indeed they trembled and all the hills moved back
trembled and all the hills moved back
trembled and all the hills moved back and forth I beheld and indeed there was
and forth I beheld and indeed there was
and forth I beheld and indeed there was no man and all the birds of the heavens
no man and all the birds of the heavens
no man and all the birds of the heavens had fled I beheld and indeed the
had fled I beheld and indeed the
had fled I beheld and indeed the fruitful land was a wilderness and all
fruitful land was a wilderness and all
fruitful land was a wilderness and all that cities were broken down at the
that cities were broken down at the
that cities were broken down at the presence of the Lord by his fierce anger
presence of the Lord by his fierce anger
presence of the Lord by his fierce anger for thus says the Lord the whole land
for thus says the Lord the whole land
for thus says the Lord the whole land shall be desolate yet I will not make a
shall be desolate yet I will not make a
shall be desolate yet I will not make a full end for this shall be earth more
full end for this shall be earth more
full end for this shall be earth more and the heavens above be black because I
and the heavens above be black because I
and the heavens above be black because I have spoken I have purposed
have spoken I have purposed
have spoken I have purposed and I will not relent nor will I turn
and I will not relent nor will I turn
and I will not relent nor will I turn back from it the whole city shall flee
back from it the whole city shall flee
back from it the whole city shall flee from the noise of the horsemen and
from the noise of the horsemen and
from the noise of the horsemen and bowmen they shall go into thickens
bowmen they shall go into thickens
bowmen they shall go into thickens and climb up on the rocks every city
and climb up on the rocks every city
and climb up on the rocks every city shall be Forsaken and not a man shall
shall be Forsaken and not a man shall
shall be Forsaken and not a man shall dwell in it and when you are plundered
dwell in it and when you are plundered
dwell in it and when you are plundered what will you do though you clothed
what will you do though you clothed
what will you do though you clothed yourself with crimson though you adorn
yourself with crimson though you adorn
yourself with crimson though you adorn yourself with ornaments of gold though
yourself with ornaments of gold though
yourself with ornaments of gold though you enlarge your eyes was paint in vain
you enlarge your eyes was paint in vain
you enlarge your eyes was paint in vain you will make yourself fair your lovers
you will make yourself fair your lovers
you will make yourself fair your lovers will despise you they will seek your
will despise you they will seek your
will despise you they will seek your life for I have heard a voice as of a
life for I have heard a voice as of a
life for I have heard a voice as of a woman in labor the anguish as of her who
woman in labor the anguish as of her who
woman in labor the anguish as of her who brings forth her first child the voice
brings forth her first child the voice
brings forth her first child the voice of the daughter of Zion be wailing
of the daughter of Zion be wailing
of the daughter of Zion be wailing herself she spreads her hand saying woe
herself she spreads her hand saying woe
herself she spreads her hand saying woe is me now for my soul is weary because
is me now for my soul is weary because
is me now for my soul is weary because of murderers
of murderers
of murderers [Music]